TELCODOCS-1578 Improve documentation of workload hints (#72761)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-understanding-workload-hints.adoc

    | Allows for power management per pod.

|===

> 

Reviewer: Folks, we intentionally never included this in the docs. Are we sure we want so much detail in the main documentation?

Author: To be honest I am not sure and I don't know who makes a final call on that. Is a KB a better place, I knida tagged this under https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/71797 I know @aireilly is looking at this but I think from reorg of TOC at the moment. In terms of content we need to look at improving that and @djuran raised this and I felt it improved the docs but maybe too much info. Hard to know

Reviewer 2: The feedback we've received from NEP partner is that this level of detail is indeed what we need.  
The level of detail currently available is not sufficient for them to make an informed decision on which hints to use for their workload.

Reviewer 3: IMO: It is going to be impossible to make this information accurate or keep it accurate so will just cause more confusion for our customers. These options change release to release and even within a release (through maintenance releases).

This table describes the list of kernel arguments configured by applying the workload hints. The kernel arguments apply to all profiles with the exceptions called out in notes in the description field.

[cols="33%,67",options="header"]
|===
| Argument | Description 

| `skew_tick=1`
a|Configures the kernel to adjust the timer skew. This parameter adjusts the timing of timer interrupts to synchronize with the CPU frequency and reduce timing errors.

| `tsc=reliable`
a| Specifies that the timestamp counter (TSC) should be used as a reliable time source. The TSC is a high-resolution per-CPU counter used for performance monitoring and timing purposes.

| `rcupdate.rcu_normal_after_boot=1`

> a| This setting ensures that read-copy update (RCU) `normal` state is deferred until after the system boot process completes, potentially optimizing boot performance and avoiding interference with other boot-time tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a| This setting ensures that read-copy update (RCU) `normal` state is used until after the system boot process completes, optimizing boot performance and avoiding interference with other boot-time tasks.
```
The it's the grace-period primitives that are deferred, and instead `normal` state is used

| `nohz=on`

> |This setting enables the `NOHZ` feature in the Linux kernel, which reduces timer interrupts on idle CPUs to improve power efficiency and overall system performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|This setting enables the `NOHZ` feature in the Linux kernel, which eliminates timer interrupts on idle CPUs to improve power efficiency and overall system performance.
```
Maybe nit-pick

Reviewer: nohz=on is the default in all modern kernels and the whole thing is more complicated (https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/timers/no_hz.html)

> | `rcu_nocbs=3-15`
> | Specifies that CPUs 3 through 15 (inclusive) are excluded from acting as "no-CBs" CPUs. This means that these CPUs will not be responsible for executing RCU callbacks. Instead, other CPUs in the system will handle RCU-related tasks. By specifying the CPUs that handle RCU callbacks, you can better use CPU resources and improve overall system performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `rcu_nocbs=<list of isolated cpus>`
| Specifies that the isolated cpus are excluded from acting as "no-CBs" CPUs. This means that these CPUs will not be responsible for executing RCU callbacks. Instead, other CPUs in the system will handle RCU-related tasks. By specifying the CPUs that handle RCU callbacks, you can better use CPU resources and improve overall system performance.
```
The list of reserved CPUs will (obviously) vary.  
Suggest we document it this way, to better explain how a system will be configured

> | `tuned.non_isolcpus=00000007`
> | Configures the tuned daemon to select CPUs 0, 1, 2 as non-isolated CPUs. This informs tuned that those CPUs are going to be busy and are not suitable for low latency workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tuned.non_isolcpus=<list of reserved cpus>`
| Configures the tuned daemon with the list of non-isolated CPUs. This informs tuned that those CPUs are available for performing system tasks.
```
I might be mistaken, but I don't think tuned is involved placement of workloads

Reviewer: Not workloads, but it definitely affects system services.

> | `systemd.cpu_affinity=0,1,2`
> | Sets CPU affinity for `systemd` processes, restricting them to run on CPU cores 0, 1, and 2. You can use this to optimize system performance and resource use in certain scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `systemd.cpu_affinity=<list of reserved cpus>`
| Sets CPU affinity for `systemd` processes, restricting them to run on reserved cpus. Ensures that system processes don't interfere with low-latency workloads.
```

| `intel_iommu=on`
| Activates Intel's virtualization for technology direct (VT-d) I/O access support in the Linux kernel, enabling enhanced virtualization capabilities and improved security and performance for I/O device management in virtual environments.

| `iommu=pt`
| Configures the input–output memory management unit (IOMMU) to operate in passthrough mode, enabling direct assignment of physical I/O devices to virtual machines in virtualized environments. This can improve performance and flexibility for certain workloads but requires careful consideration and configuration.

> | `isolcpus=managed_irq,3-15`
> | Isolates CPU cores 3 through 15 from the Linux kernel scheduler, ensuring that they are dedicated only to running specific tasks or processes without interruption from other system activities. Pay particular attention to the `managed_irq` argument. It provides a hint to the kernel to tell it that its internally managed interrupts should avoid CPUs 3-15. This ensures the affinity cannot be changed by userspace and lands the interrupts on the busy cores 0-2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `isolcpus=managed_irq,<list of isolated cpus>`
| Isolates CPU from being targeted by interrupts to ensure these don't interfere with low latency workloads.
```

> | `nohz_full=3-15`
> |Configures the kernel to operate in a tickless mode on CPUs 3 through 15. Tickless mode reduces unnecessary timer interrupts on idle CPUs, improving power efficiency and reducing latency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `nohz_full=<list of isolated cpus>`
|Configures the kernel to operate in a tickless mode on the isolated cpus. Tickless mode eliminates timer interrupts on idle CPUs or those which only have a single runnable task, improving power efficiency and reducing latency.
```
